
We begun our Case Diagram with the University stakeholder, as they are the party that requires the software. To start, we created a case stating the request for a software to sign up for optional modules. Although this step wasn't mandatory, we implemented it to make the University's role in the diagram more apparent. We then connected University to the Submitting Forms. From here we joined this case to the Bluecastle and Timetabling stakeholders. This is due to the prompt specifying that Bluecastle and Timetabling requires the Students form to be submitted. This provided a central web that leads into the optional module requests via the Students stakeholder. Student as a stakeholder takes a form from student services(another stakeholder) and submits it back and then he has the option to go on to take an introductory module from another department he is then moved on to seek approval from head of teaching and the module convenor. Which is our next stakeholder, if student takes those modules, Then it connects to a case in which they need to give agreement for student, in case the student passes it. The head of teaching also gives approval for the student to take an introductory module for the optional module, and approval to the 50-70 split of credits. The student services are another stakeholder where it just gives approval to the student if the module is 120 credit, if so, it does a 60-60 split of the credits and if the student chooses to pick a 70-50 split student services check if they are allowed to. 
